noticed how people are and what
world are cold and sensitive civil as
human being is cold cold
I was watching the story of a
dog or you saw the puppy
had some fish that were taken from the
water was dying on the ground and
some pools of water and the dog lives
fish floundering it is with muzzle and
push the water
playing in the fishes so that they
could live an animal
I want to save throwing water for others
especially this video is an animal
the other dog that had the other dog
here the cars were passed over
that's where nobody cared
4 naked he was there stayed close to the
field trying to pull it to save
They say that when the person is very is
pretty bad
he is compared to an animal so-and-so
animal but the animals will be that they are
but the human being sees a person
agonizing does not do anything the doggie was
there to try to save the fish, it's just back
awesome is not is an eye on
awesome how can a person
have the holy spirit and not feel
deep pain in your soul for those who
are suffering without Jesus the pain of
God's servants are the pain of God
Jeremiah was the depth of the prophets who
suffered because because he was the
prophet chosen to take Israel
will help Jerusalem to the worst of all
News
he would have to speak of captivity
of Babylon he would have to announce that
Jerusalem would be destroyed if the
women are raped that the
children would be killed than the old
would be killed and many would be taken
as prisoners for Babylon was
given to him this task
and when he thought of it he announced
for the people to repent and there was no
repende ment Jeremiah said so I
I wanted my head to
turn into water I wanted her
There was water so I could cry.
cry for my people to cry for their children
they went down in agony on account of
of the people
the holy spirit does that the spirit
holy and it bothers us
he calls us to pray and awakens us
at dawn and disorderly hourly
by the church and the people there
people and your family look at you
even pray the holy spirit and place
within us takes the years of life
that you have to win souls increase the
your reward joined God the spirit
saint is awakening people who
want to give up everything gives up the
your wishes of your wills to
served the sparkles
Have not you done little
Of the things of God will you not
have served goodbye anyway
Do not you have chris fabric
holy spirit in its way of acting in
relation to his work
Do not you think you've done something wrong?
of God's work as you have done
work that represents God's work for
What do you represent your uniform?
only a piece of cloth or a garment
sacred you use for service
of your lord of our savior
which represents his uniform for the
soldier is his uniform is the honor of
wear that uniform
the Corinthian takes his shirt and kisses him
helm shield
the fans kiss because the control
team 's sacred shirt is called
holy mantle and what is your uniform
the piece of cloth or it is sacred too
I remember my workman's uniform
like it was today
brown shirt white pants and tie
tied at the time I entered and had
a plaque a badge an
written acrylic plate that amy was
written a missionary on Sundays
because before I shone at that time if
he called resigning
so I had a plate I kept
for many years but changes there
and I 'm going to go there and I'm losing
but I wanted to know about it until
I wanted to have my plate up today.
today written and missionary sundays
You know that I did
I came home and got my pants.
I put my
tie hanging took my badge
I'm working on the tie plate well.
straight what I thought
Tomorrow, come on, my uniform again.
to serve my god
and when I put on a
I felt so
I felt so beautiful so beautiful that
Beautiful clothes were the clothes I was wearing.
using
It was beautiful, my clothes were not bright.
it was the clothes itself
was what she represented in the
Soldier of God, your uniform is a burden.
or a fairy
it may be that over time your
has become a burden and you
You're crazy to get away but you're afraid.
to be tense and if I stop being the
breno the devil to rise against me
This is what makes you keep your
uniform
So you already fell and did not realize it.
that because you have a thing a
God is working is the desire to serve him
for it is written that they which are of faith
do not back down there is no back
if you fall back you 're lost
there is no turning back for us we enter
on this path and we will go through it to the end
of our lives and whoever comes back will
to go back and meet the devil
come back to meet him because
God did not stay there, God stands before
we
The cloud is guiding us we have to
follow her
if you stay god you can not count on
Do you think about it?